Update the PR template for latest 'additional documentation' enhancements (#81159)
kubernetes/kubernetes: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
This section can be blank if this pull request does not require a release note.

The Kubernetes Release Notes website (https://relnotes.k8s.io) is able to
provide additional documentation to the end users, which should help them to

> retrieve further documentation resources about the change in this PR.

Reviewer: This seems kind of redundant. Maybe something like "... able to provide additional documentation to the end users about the changes in this PR."

Author: Okay, changed as suggested.

If you decide to add links which point to resources within git repositories,
please ensure that the appropriate revision is included in the link and not
generic ones like `master`. The same applies to external documentation, which

> may be not available any more because they got updated to a more recent version.

Reviewer: I'd change it to "because _it_ got updated to a more recent version"

Author: Fixed :+1:

> Beside this, please use the following format for linking documentation:

Reviewer: I'd just nix "Besides this, " and start with "Please use the following"

Author: Alright, adapted as suggested.

<!--
This section can be blank if this pull request does not require a release note.

The Kubernetes Release Notes website (https://relnotes.k8s.io) is able to
provide additional documentation to the end users, which should help them to
be able to provide additional documentation to the end users about the changes

> in this PR.

Reviewer 2: Could you clean up this sentence a bit, I think it's saying the same thing twice? It should also go under the release notes heading staring on line 36, not on the "additional documentation" heading.

Reviewer 3: > I'm not entirely sure we need to mention relnotes in the template - if the actual process for adding a release note is no different for the user than before, I don't think we need to add it here.
> 
> The [document ](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/release-notes.md) on release notes should be updated, however.

It might still be worth adding a small hint that external references to KEPs etc should link to a specific commit rather than master and fleshing out further instructions details in the release notes doc. 
Something like:
```
For KEPs or other supporting documentation, please link to a specific commit
and avoid linking directly to master. See <link> for further guidelines.
```

Author: > Could you clean up this sentence a bit, I think it's saying the same thing twice? It should also go under the release notes heading staring on line 36, not on the "additional documentation" heading.

I removed the section entirely, because I would like to pick up the discussion if its needed at all or not. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: yes! my main concern is honestly that we document the relnotes in the relevant doc, which we link to on top!

> If you decide to add links which point to resources within git repositories,

Reviewer 4: This sentence isn't clear on the surface. I'm not sure what you're asking of me as a contributor.

Author: > Something like:
> 
> ```
> For KEPs or other supporting documentation, please link to a specific commit
> and avoid linking directly to master. See <link> for further guidelines.
> ```

I picked-up the comment of @mrbobbytables and rephrased the paragraph. WDYT?

<!--
This section can be blank if this pull request does not require a release note.

If you decide to add links which point to resources within git repositories like
KEPs or supporting documentation, please link to a specific commit and avoid

> linking directly to the master branch.

Reviewer 4: Maybe add a reason: "These ensure that links point to a specific point in time, rather than a document that may change over time."

Author: Sure, added it as suggested. :+1:

<!--
This section can be blank if this pull request does not require a release note.

> If you decide to add links which point to resources within git repositories like

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
When adding links which point to resources within git repositories, like
```

> KEPs or supporting documentation, please link to a specific commit and avoid

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
KEPs or supporting documentation, please reference a specific commit and avoid
```

> linking directly to the master branch. These ensure that links reference a

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
linking directly to the master branch. This ensures that links reference a
```

specific point in time, rather than a document that may change over time.

> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion

See here for guidance on getting permanent links to files: https://help.github.com/en/articles/getting-permanent-links-to-files

```

<!--
This section can be blank if this pull request does not require a release note.

If you decide to add links which point to resources within git repositories like

> KEPs or supporting documentation, please please link to a specific commit and

Reviewer 2: nittiest nit: just one please?

Author: Fixed by removing one `please` :+1:
